Enhancement of vehicle rear lights for mercedes, lincoln, citroen, bmw and rangerover (#2615)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/reference/changelog-r2021.md

## Webots R2021a Revision 1
Released on XX Xth, 2021.

  - Enhancements

>     - Rework of car meshes to have more realistic rear lights for MercedesBenz, Lincoln, Citroen, BMW and Range Rover models ([#2615](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2615)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Rework of car meshes to have more realistic rear lights for Mercedes Benz, Lincoln, Citroen, BMW and Range Rover models ([#2615](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2615)).
```
